#### 2025-07-09

## Overview

This README file provides information about the data and the computer code used to generate the results presented in Ardia et al. (2025), **Examining High-Frequency Patterns in Robinhood Users’ Trading Behavior.**

By using the code, you agree to the following rules:

- You must cite the paper in working papers and published papers that use the code.
- You must place the DOI of this data/code repository in a footnote to help others find it.
- You assume all risk for the use of the code.

All datasets are proprietary. We provide pseudo data (a sub-sample of our original dataset made up of 100 stocks whose names have been anonymized) to illustrate the code usage. **Since it is pseudo data, the outputs generated by running this code do NOT correspond to the results in the paper**.

The computer code is written in R and allows for the replication of all tables and figures in the paper. 

## Code Folder

The file `_install_packages.R` will install all dependencies (latest versions) and should be run once before running other programs. 

The file `_load_packages.R` will load all relevant R packages. It is used by the various scripts below.

The folder `main` contains the core of the code. 
The file `0_run_all.R` is a wrapper calling the files below, sequentially, to generate all required tables and figures (alternatively, the user can run the files below individually).
 - file prefixed `1_`: generates summary statistics (Tables 1 & 2).
 - file prefixed `2_`: estimates main regressions (Equation (4)). Please use DailyFreq = TRUE or FALSE at the beginning of the script to generate daily or high-frequency results.
 - file prefixed `3_`: outputs regression results for Table 3 & Figure 1 (HF) and Table 4 & Figure 2 (Daily). Please use `DailyFreq = TRUE` or `FALSE` at the beginning of the script to generate daily or high-frequency results.
 - file prefixed `4_`: estimates subgroup regressions (Equation (5)). Please use `OVvsINT`, `COVID`, and `MKTCAP` options at the beginning of the script to generate specific results.
 - file prefixed `5_`: performs hypothesis testing on the three identified behaviors. Please use `OVvsINT`, `COVID`, and `MKTCAP` options at the beginning of the script to generate specific results.
 - file prefixed `6_`: generates Tables 5–7 and Figures 3–5 from regression and hypothesis test results. Please use `OVvsINT`, `COVID`, and `MKTCAP` options at the beginning of the script to generate specific results.
 - file f: contains functions used to perform the analyses and generate the tables and figures.

## Data Folder

 - `db_mktcap.rds` contains info on size classifications (SMALL, MID, LARGE).
 - `DT4Reg.rds` is our main high-frequency sample, pre-processed, anonymized and reduced to 100 assets, used to generate all tables and figures in the paper.
 - `DT4Reg_daily.rds` is our main daily sample, pre-processed, anonymized and reduced to 100 assets, used to generate all tables and figures in the paper.

## Outputs Folder

The folder `outputs` is populated by the various tables and figures (and also various .rds files containing the regression results) generated when running scripts in folder `code/main`. The naming and numbering match the one in the paper.

As mentioned above, **since it is pseudo data, the outputs generated by running this code do NOT correspond to the results in the paper**.

## Reference

Ardia D., Aymard C., and Cenesizoglu T. 2025. Examining High-Frequency Patterns in Robinhood Users’ Trading Behavior. International Review of Financial Analysis. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.irfa.2025.104369.
